Update CONTRIBUTING.md (#1241)
spdx/license-list-XML: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Join the mailing list and our bi-weekly calls

The SPDX License List is maintained by the SPDX Legal Team. Work and discussion is primarily done via:
* **join the mailing list**: Please introduce yourself and let us know a bit about your interest in SPDX! The mailing list is our traditional form of communication. Join the mailing list, see archive, and manage your subscription at [lists.spdx.org](https://lists.spdx.org/g/Spdx-legal).
* **join the bi-weekly calls**: Bi-weekly conference call info is sent prior to the calls via the mailing list. If you join the mailing list, you should get a recurring invite at the beginning of each calendar year. Meeting minutes for the calls are in the [SPDX meetings repo](https://github.com/spdx/meetings/tree/master/legal); historical meeting minutes can be found at http://wiki.spdx.org/

# Getting started 
Below are some ways you can get started participating and contributing!

> * Commenting on new license requests: Once you have familiarized yourself with the [License inclusion principles](DOCS/license-inclusion-principles.md), comment on new license requests as to whether you think the license should be included on the SPDX License List

Reviewer: Where? On mailing list and/or GitHub?

Author: good catch, added a link to issues with new license/exception label

* Make suggestions to improvement for documentation: Newcomers have a great perspective as to the effectiveness of documentation! You can make suggestions via an issue, if you want to discuss the changes or if there is something specific that could be updated, then create a PR

* Help prepare files for licenses approved to be added to the SPDX License List by following the [new license workflow](https://github.com/spdx/license-list-XML/blob/master/DOCS/new-license-workflow.md)

* Review PRs 

* Request a new license be added to the SPDX License List by following the instructions HERE ADDLINK

> * Email the mailing list about how you are using or questions about the SPDX License List 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Email the [mailing list](https://lists.spdx.org/g/spdx-legal) about how you are using or questions about the SPDX License List 
```

# Before you contribute to the SPDX License List
Please familiarize yourself with the SPDX License List and its supporting documentation, so that you understand the pertinent context around the list itself:
* [License inclusion principles](DOCS/license-inclusion-principles.md) 
* 
* [Explanation of the fields contained on the list](DOCS/license-fields.md)
* 
* [SPDX License List Matching Guidelines](https://spdx.org/spdx-license-list/matching-guidelines) provides guidelines to be used for the purposes of matching licenses and license exceptions against those included on the SPDX License List.
* 
* [SPDX Specification](https://spdx.org/specifications): It is helpful to be familiar with certain sections of the SPDX Specification thatuse or deal with the SPDX License List. In particular: sub-sections related to license information in Section 3, 4, and 6; Appendices II, IV, and V.

# Join the mailing list and our bi-weekly calls

The SPDX License List is maintained by the SPDX Legal Team. Work and discussion is primarily done via:

> * **join the mailing list**: Please introduce yourself and let us know a bit about your interest in SPDX! The mailing list is our traditional form of communication. Join the mailing list, see archive, and manage your subscription at [via lists.spdx.org](https://lists.spdx.org/g/Spdx-legal).

Reviewer 2: ```
-* **join the mailing list**: Please introduce yourself and let us know a bit about your interest in SPDX! The mailing list is our traditional form of communication. Join the mailing list, see archive, and manage your subscription at [via lists.spdx.org](https://lists.spdx.org/g/Spdx-legal).
+* **join the mailing list**: Please introduce yourself and let us know a bit about your interest in SPDX! The mailing list is our traditional form of communication. Join the mailing list, see archive, and manage your subscription [via lists.spdx.org](https://lists.spdx.org/g/Spdx-legal).
```
the old text would render as "at via lists.spdx.org." making the 'at' reduntant.

Author: good catch, got it!

> * **join the bi-weekly calls**: Bi-weekly calls and conference call info is sent prior to the calls via the mailing list. If you join the mailing list, you should get a recurring invite at the beinning of each calendar year. Meeting minutes for the calls are in the [SPDX meetings repo](https://github.com/spdx/meetings/tree/master/legal); older meeting minutes can be found at http://wiki.spdx.org/

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* **join the bi-weekly calls**: Bi-weekly conference call info is sent prior to the calls via the mailing list. If you join the mailing list, you should get a recurring invite at the beginning of each calendar year. Meeting minutes for the calls are in the [SPDX meetings repo](https://github.com/spdx/meetings/tree/master/legal); historical meeting minutes can be found at http://wiki.spdx.org/
```

# Getting started 
Below are some ways you can get started participating and contributing!

* Commenting on new license requests: Once you have familiarized yourself with the [License inclusion principles](DOCS/license-inclusion-principles.md), comment on new license requests as to whether you think the license should be included on the SPDX License List

* Make suggestions to improvement for documentation: Newcomers have a great perspective as to the effectiveness of documentation! You can make suggestions via an issue, if you want to discuss the changes or if there is something specific that could be updated, then create a PR

* Help prepare files for licenses approved to be added to the SPDX License List by following the [new license workflow](https://github.com/spdx/license-list-XML/blob/master/DOCS/new-license-workflow.md)

* Review PRs 

> * Request a new license be added to the SPDX License List by following the instructions HERE ADDLINK

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Request a new license be added to the SPDX License List by following the instructions in the [CONTRIBUTING](https://github.com/spdx/license-list-XML/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) file.
```

Author: I left ADDLINK b/c the request new license info is moving off the Contributing doc and to it's own doc

Reviewer 3: Makes sense. +1

* Email the mailing list about how you are using or questions about the SPDX License List 

> * 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```
